Week1:
In the lab, we formed a group of 4. We discussed the projects and 
decided to do "Accommodation booking web portal". We discussed the 
the technology we're going to use. Also, I joined 
our project repository on github and jira. 

Week 2: 
My group and I started working on our project proposal in the meeting, 
I wrote user stories for both epic 1 and epic 2, and an optional epic 
which we are not going to implement. Also, I asked my group to fill out 
information about their free times in which we could meet throughout 
the term via when2meet, and recorded our meeting times in the proposal. 
I did the tutorial for jira. We met on Friday to discuss the proposal further. 

Week3:
My group and I finished what's left of the proposal this week.
Also, I finished implementing Epic 1 of our project. I learned about 
amplify authentication system which uses amazon congnito, and 
implemented the 3 user stories (creating an account,
loging in, and resetting password) using amplify framework. I pushed 
the code onto my branch in github, showed the result to my group, and
pushed my code to the master branch. I attended a group meeting 
on Friday.

Week4: 
Since I finished the 3 user stories assigned to me for this sprint
last week, I spent this week learning about AWS services including
AWS lambada functions, API Gateway, and DynamoDB so that I can
implment search and sort next week. Also, I started learning 
about Algolia which we are going to use for search.

Week5:
This week I worked mainly on the "search accommodation by area" user story.
I created 3 APIs. One for streaming the accommodation information
to an algolia index every time a change occurs in DynamoDB. The second 
function is to do the actual search on the data based on the city. The third
function is to calculate the average review for accommodation (this is in 
preparation for my next user story for sorting). After that, my team decided 
to do search on suburbs too, so I streamed suburbs to algolia and put it as 
a searchable attribute along with the city. Also, Thanet made me aware
that there was a problem that has to do with refreshing and the navbar in 
our website so I fixed it. I also started working on
sorting the advertisments. 

Week6: 
This week I finished sorting the advertisements according to the average
rating, so the results of search will be sorted. Also, I added the 
autocomplete feature to the search by area bar for sydney suburbs only.One 
difficulty I faced was finding a list of cities and suburbs in NSW.
I will add more cities and suburbs next week.Also, I redesigned the footer
of our website, fixed sizes of pictures in carousel by cropping, and added
a toggle button to the navigation bar. I also did some testing to some 
features and reported bugs to my teammates.  

Week7:
This week I added most of the suburbs in NSW in the autocomplete, Implemented 
infinit scroll for search results, added 3 options to sort search results 
(best match, cheapest, and best rated), added recommendation advertisements
in home page for one night booking with highest available rating, made some 
minor changes to advertisement detail page, added an alert to user for 
when there are not results found for search, and fixed some issues with dates in the
search bar. I also found some issues with routing, and data generation and reported
them to my teammates. 

Week8: 
Since we finished the epics in our project, This week I fixed some small bugs
like the "no results" alert showing before search results, and added an about
page for our website. I also wrote a description and justification for the 
use of algolia in our final report. 

Week9:
This week I attended a zoom meeting with my group to prepare for the presentation
next week. I also recorded a backup viedo for my part of the presentation.

Week10:
This week, I worked on the project report. I mainly worked on the third party 
functionalities, how to run taxidi locally, and references. 





